README.md, before:

# spiderly-api

FIXME: description

## Installation

Download from http://example.com/FIXME.

## Usage

FIXME: explanation

    $ java -jar spiderly-api-0.1.0-standalone.jar [args]

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2020 FIXME

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which is available at
http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0.

This Source Code may also be made available under the following Secondary
Licenses when the conditions for such availability set forth in the Eclipse
Public License, v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version, with the GNU Classpath Exception which is available
at https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html.
# spiderly-api

Commit message:

GET route added for /spiders

README.md, after:

# spiderly-api

An open api for obtaining a variety of information about many different types of spiders.

## Installation

Download from http://example.com/FIXME.

## Usage

    $ java -jar spiderly-api-0.1.0-standalone.jar [args]

## Running

Once cloned, run `lein run` in the main folder of the application.  Open up `http:/127.0.0.1:3000/` locally in the browser, and see the available routes to being using the api.

### Bugs

...


## License

Copyright © 2020 Zazingo

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which is available at
http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0.

This Source Code may also be made available under the following Secondary
Licenses when the conditions for such availability set forth in the Eclipse
Public License, v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version, with the GNU Classpath Exception which is available
at https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html.
# spiderly-api
